I like it for a little while, either. of these I already I think you're still getting there. I get hmm it's burp juice in the morning makes you say you know it's good use it hibiscus
cooler that doesn't have to fill yeah she'll go to that dot and woo who who actually has not a bad black lives is Rima Not a verb or did I just imagine I in your dream zoom that I made it
up from the noun. No, to remain, and one of the kids always give one.
I say that word they love to play it out like i'm always, you know, spectacular things like putting l or a lot in front of a verb that sounds masculine or feminine because i'll forget you know well that's
I put up the sentences on the board right and i'll tell them all right.
Sit down, you know I've had to get really tough in this last week.
First we got played with them all week long, which is really stupid because they got the second one.
They were just like Wow! And it was really awful because they felt horrible about it.
Because I have to dish it like they have a conduct chart, Gunduka right, and all week long I threatened him with it.
You know, or death or being yes muscle manos no less excellent it better as muscle men all right funny, and at the end of the week this last week, like 5 of them, got M for Mall, as opposed to the one in the first week that's bad that means
you have been bad, and I like withheld recess from several kids.
On Thursday you get candy to the ones that got excellent.
This. No, you never just, sweet man, you can. you love it?
I wish I could see Owen actually can we turn out like penny candy.
See you they're lying on their hands I wish I could and that's the new thing with all the moms no candy.
Yeah, but not in the Houston school system Come here to San Fay. You have an apple.
Yeah, here it's a private school these kids excuse me their parents are. So I mean, their parents are so disinterested in them. Yeah.
And their education, because moderate user parents that have come from places like El Salvador and Columbia, and they have never learned English, and they have never been educated.
They look at you and they and they're like i'm just waiting for my kid to grow up, so that he can work construction with me, you know.
I mean a couple more years he'll be ready they're in fourth grade.
They do shit like yeah, I mean they do stuff. like they they'll come, and they'll take their kids off. you know, halfway through school to Mexico and never come back. and They went.
Like. I have a couple of turns Still, I keep sending messages home with their folks, saying, please, you know, in Spanish, called Alphasina.
You need to fill out this forum because your kid can't Have free lunch, like for my first week.
I had like $5 to my name. I gave it all to the kids all long because their parents were too lazy to come and and fill out the stupid form, you know, an application it takes 2 weeks to press this Yeah, that takes 2 weeks to process.
I mean. How do you get it? in this form in English they have a form of Spanish, or even if it's in Spanish.
Maybe they can't read well that's very probable you know. but I don't know because I've received notes back, especially from this woman.
Girl, you know, dear and esteemed teacher, I have my in Spanish.
My child, you know, has already filled out this poem and there was one situation There's a little growing.
Melissa Doesn't speak a word of English and every time I try to get her to say anything in English, because I made the whole class learn like, Good morning. Goodbye.
Can I go to the bathroom? Can I stand up?
Can go to the time to go to the cafeteria and the office.
You know certain terms that related to school. and she like I tried to get her to say hello, and she'd be like great.
I'll be like, If you can't just say hello hello that's what she does.
She does feel embarrassed, and she just giggles like you do.
Ball turns by red. She did well, she would You know for Skimmer like a really dark rail.
You can't really tell when they blush it's very but her mom, like it was a horrible situation where last week I wasn't there on Thursday, because I had to fill it all stupid united you all this shit
just in order to get my position secured there with the bureaucracy.
So they let me off for a day. There was a sad and would an Elizabeth claims and her mother claims is that on that day they brought back the application for free lunch all filled out, and that the Zerg took it So you
know, I finally said, a week later, I kept bugging on a list of you know. Did you bring the foreman? Did you fill it all out?
Why don't you get another one search for desk and it's not there, and I keep calling the office and sending notes, and they keep calling me on the they're stupid intercom system that you can hardly tell
students never get. Give a tutor anything anything ever not even homework.
They wouldn't let us give homework to the high school tutors, because they just they lose it.
They don't care. Yeah, Well, I know I I haven't thought of that at that point.
But unless they've just begun 7 Well, this is then they're like?
What are we going to learn today? see i'm originally a pe teacher? it's bad, you know.
They come in with that attitude. wanted to teach math Square root of pi.
The what the hell they're doing. hi I eyes of life Mother don't think we can apply to lunch, kid.
Yeah, see it's. distorted Oh, this lady is apparently an old sav who, like all the teachers, know, and apparently she's very reliable.
So whether the paper got in or not I don't know but you can't go and ask her.
Well, I kept calling the office and saying, Do you have this when they tell me? No.
And I finally went in there on thursday and i'm like look!
Where is it this kid, you know she most of the time doesn't have money?
I have to give it to her herself. You know she she's deprived for lunch.
Do you Do you have a form for her they don't have ends?
Try and just left over at the end of the day that they will give away.
Yeah, you gotta go in and talk to a principal about this curve.
This is a raging bureaucracy and there's nothing that I can do.
I have found that out we're gonna wait until you hear what all they've done with my class, so you'll just be disgusted.
But fourth grade this girl, and so I go in there i'm like Well, can you tell me what the the form is on file? because I realize it takes 2 to 3 weeks to process which is tell me whether it's on file because if
not I want her to have another one now, and then was like I can't do that?
There's a privacy code or whatever there's a press and I can't access the file like the hot what kind of fucking lie, said You're going to tell me that you know this kid might have to wait another
month and a half to have any lunch because you can't add, you know her form, that's the deal I think it sounds like to me they're giving you a lot of shit for no reason.
Well, they really are picking on the fact that I knew like you know It's a I would I would go for it.
I'm not certified. and yeah like the teachers keep this last rehand.
First they're like first. I only had 15 kids right and that legally you have to have 18. H.
Is d rules, has it that you have to have at least 18 right and so i'm the only permanent sub I'm. the only teacher who's not experienced who's not certified, who just started teaching all these other teachers are
old hands I mean they've all been out for it well curses the least experienced. besides me, but still he's you know he's had a certification and he's had a year and stuff he's real good at it
and so they do shit like first. They tell me like I find out accidentally from the other teachers. The principal doesn't even tell me first she hires me like the Friday before school, starts and expect me to get my room
ready, and then I find out on Thursday, in the first week of school that I might lose my job. You become Friday. Yeah. and and then.
So I come into class. they've put like all these third-curd students in there.
I tell you about that now. it's really annoying what they've done to meet the technicality that they have to meet.
Yeah, they just split it whole thing it's well it's sometimes.
But something for experienced teachers. it's not for me you know it's like really hard for me, because Yeah, that's what I was doing when I was student teaching at split fifth 6 they didn't even give me any
text coop, I mean I was the only teacher in the whole school who did not have textbooks, you know, because they're fucking me around so hard.
So then on Friday I have 18 kids i'm like great All these teachers are coming in and saying, Well, my child is on your role, but i'm gonna keep him in my class.
You know, and I have these 3 third graders, you know.
But the shitty thing is that they pick what the teachers do is they go?
Oh, well, this this kid is bad behaved I mean he's really stupid.
I'll just send him over to the new course instructor.
So they said, So these are the kids that I receive are the 3 third graders of the lowest.
Nobody wants education, and the worst conduct right and so that Meanwhile in the principal's office. i'm Sorry I just got a visual staring from the clouds right here.
Yeah, this it's food. me towards the last couple of days i'm like I put up a list of rules and all day long I was that wall on my nose.
Guess all the chair, and they come up with me and i'd walk over by the rules, and i'd point to number 2, and I just look at them and they knew it number 2 was don't get out of your seat without
permission, you know what to really go. Well, I say that I was there like it was so awful.
But You're a hard ass I had to become that the people all the teachers were telling me you're too nice. You're too nicer.
Kids are going to take advantage of you and they were they they came to where they'd be talking the whole time during the assignment.
I'd be up with the board they would turn me out like go he because they didn't think I was serious.
I finally got to the point where every day i'd have them put their heads on the table for 10 min, you know, with the with their mouths close quite time, and I finally got to where I withheld recess and on the last day
I kept 4 kids after school. Yeah, you know but you can only actually keep them over for like 5 min.
Well, you're. telling you we've got these jokes because they'll get kind of surreal if you did that initial punishment.
Well, I gave them what I gave stickers, you know, to the to the kids, and I was excellent, and I gives the board. Well, there are other things you can do besides, you know.
You can make up goodies you don't have to spend money on these you can have, like you can make these little did they have a laminating machine to school Normal School.
But in these other lovely places Well, make these little passes or something that's saying one free lunch with the teacher, or one free lunch to sit with whoever you want at lunchtime, I guess with my friends at lunch
or would take up whatever little privileges like that if there's anything in the classroom that they really like to do.
Have that be a privilege that nobody can do unless they have this pass, and then give those passes out for good behavior.
I have an idea. Choose the mistress, teacher, take them by the hair.
We can't test each other, or you can walk up to the chalkboard, and you get really good.
So you go, and you practice on the weekends. Get chalk from the tuckwood and you just at their face, and you practice.
So finally that man was fired. Man took them out fires.
Oh, Mr. huge little kids, we'd all be sitting. in a circle, and in the current events time you'd always sit there and one little kid, Eli Goodman would just give him.
But he was just talking, you know. I was just talking really bad day.
I do. Little threatened to throw the kid against the wall, and he threatened it. He threatened to throw the kid against the wall, and we all heard it, and we all what home.
I told you breakdown. No, because we were too scared to do anything, and we would, and our parents would go.
Oh, he's a great guy. they'd go to visit him and he would put on a bullshit and and no one believes the kids, you know he was a man who would walk as 2 little boys that were talking grab their
hair actually bagging our heads together. He picked ken row make up once by the hair. Yeah, Ken, who's like was actually very well behaving, you know, and a really smart student playing darn to be one of those
overachievers yanked him up by the blonde hairs.
We were all like Oh, but he won't do anything to the girls if they give him backgrounds.
That's right that's right richard who had like my most unethical classroom.
I can embrace members they're absolutely being terrified his daughter.
His daughter actually admitted it to me. I saw who is pregnant, and has that.
No that's not so I was like pretty cute that's your father.
I was kind of crude, but I was like so what's your father doing right now.
It's the man dead yet. no I was just very kind she goes well.
He got fired, and I said, Oh, really wow that's a surprise, and the guy he threatened to throw against the wall was put forward. A year.
You like that living You before it see I didn't understand that it was a mascot's alumni sense where he'd like he lies.
Parents probably tried to get him better. Clothes Classroom was like.
I jumped out. and we didn't do crazy no doubt that man was insane. Definitely, What I was gonna tell you about it really frustrates me.
Is that the people principal and stuff they said me Oh, well, what you do with those third graders you know is you just like Beat them and put them with one of the smarter fourth graders.
Who's very verbal and well-behaved and you have them work as a team, you know.
So that the fourth grade can help a third grader but that's bullshit, because that just teaches the third grader with the lesser intelligence that he's worthless you know that he can't learn you can't put them
in things like that. but you don't put one with one you put 2 fourth graders with how many third graders is the ratio, I mean, so they don't feel simple.
Now I have like 5 third graders. I have like 22 kids.
Okay, So you have 15 fourth graders of 5 third readers.
No, no, I have like $7 for craters with 12 kids.
What you love 12 kids we know 17. Oh, okay. So then, what you do is you sprinkle the fifth graders out even way, and you make the fourth graders.
Take the responsibility of teaching them a new and brain and Then that it's their responsibility to help those little kids.
That's what I did feel like you know they're incapable. Let's try and learn it over the fifth graders will try to just like Give them the answers and it's hard for me to Keep track of it you
know i'll be like stern more than the answers I want you to help them understand.
But don't just give an answer so long time if I can't teach these kids, you know.
I go around to the third graders. I try to teach them individually.
What a noun is it'll start to happen by january, I mean. it takes a very long time as I can be there until you have you explained to them like the speech about making mistakes is part of life that speech
and what's the other speaks the other speaker is don't give away.
Don't give away the answer because you're denying them of learning.
If you put it to them, and a very simple way, and they get it, and they kind of go.
Yeah, but what you want to do is when you have a reverse working on something you shouldn't be multiple choice.
It. shouldn't be the reason something easy they should they should have to write some discussion like, give them something to work on that.
There is no answer to and the honest to earth craters is like you know. they don't really want they don't want to help the kids.
They want, you know they're done and they want to play and they get upset with me.
If I expect them to help the third graders and they don't have the patience, the psychology to learn how to teach the kids Well, when you're subtracting you bring the one over and then that becomes 10 and then you have
to cross it out becomes at 9, and then you bring the one over, you know, and these the thing is that the teachers that had these third graders before, and a lot of the fourth graders really failed as teachers because they didn't teach
them did it, they should have learned that in the second grade in the second grade I learned my chemistry was in the third grade.
Fourth grade was the first of fractals these kids can't do their times tables.
The fourth grade is even you know, I have one student who knows his time, did I? I didn't know them either. I didn't know time civil like fifth grade, only because I was a newest. but well I could not I could not do
fractions. I could not do fractions. and I mean with well, as a teacher who wants to tell them. he wants to go to this man.
It's like, really have Mr. Smith did you Oh, Helia.
Oh, I thought he got out of being in. I had him my old fourth grade year, and then there was a possibility.
The following year that he was going to teach that's great is our fifth grade teacher was leaving like shitting your back.
We just we lucked out, man, but we got Mrs. Lindbergh, who was like the first Granola woman I ever met her.